feat(lsp): `root_markers` can control priority (#33485)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

LSP

• `root_markers` in |vim.lsp.Config| can now specify markers priority.
  Defaults to directory-up first search, which is more inline with
  `nvim-lspconfig` but changes the default behaviour, which looked for every

>   marker before going direcotory-up.

Reviewer: Can you provide examples to make this extra clear? This file gets a lot of 👀

LSP

• `root_markers` in |vim.lsp.Config| can now specify markers priority.
  Defaults to directory-up first search, which is more inline with
  `nvim-lspconfig` but changes the default behaviour, which looked for every

>   marker before going direcotory-up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  marker before going directory-up.
```

> • `root_markers` in |vim.lsp.Config| can now specify markers priority.
>   Defaults to directory-up first search, which is more inline with
>   `nvim-lspconfig` but changes the default behaviour, which looked for every
>   marker before going direcotory-up.

Reviewer 3: It's not strictly speaking true that each marker can "specify its priority", they are simply ordered by priority. Also there's no reason to mention nvim-lspconfig here.

```suggestion
• `root_markers` in |vim.lsp.Config| can now be ordered by priority.
```

>   For example: >lua
>     root_markers = { 'stylua.toml', '.git' }
> <
>   Used to look for `stylua.toml` and `.git` in the current working directory
>   before going directory-up to repeat the same search.
>   Now this syntax looks for `stylua.toml` in every directory from the current
>   working directory going up, then it does the same for `.git`.
> 
>   If you prefer the old behaviour, you need to specify that both markers have
>   the same priority, like this: >lua
>     root_markers = { { 'stylua.toml', '.git'} }
> <
>   For additional information (including mixed priorities), see `root_markers`
>   in |vim.lsp.Config|.

Reviewer 3: Too wordy for news. Direct users to the reference docs instead.

```suggestion
```

LSP

• `root_markers` in |vim.lsp.Config| can now specify markers priority

>   (defaults to folder-up first search).

Reviewer: Need to explain the breaking change.

>   (defaults to folder-up first search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (defaults to directory-up first search).
```
